---
layout: default
head.title: samuelbelo
description: An open source blog theme powered by Nuxt.
title: About
---

::hero
---
image: '/alpine-2.webp'
---
#title
Hi, I am Samuel.
#description
- I wrote this blog to share my thoughts and ideas and things that I learn.
- I am a software developer and I am passionate about technology.
- I wrote this blog using [Alpine](https://alpine.nuxt.space) and [Nuxt](https://nuxtjs.org).
::
My name is Samuel Belo, and I have a professional background marked by a series of software development positions, with a strong emphasis on Full Stack development.

Currently, I'm working at Aquasis as a Full Stack Software Developer, a position I've held since August 2022. At Aquasis, I'm responsible for creating and maintaining cutting-edge software solutions that optimize the management of areas and metering systems for water companies across Portugal. I utilize my skills in C#, .NET Core 6, PostgreSQL, TypeScript, Next.JS, Cypress, and Unit-Testing to ensure the development of robust, reliable, and efficient systems.

I also spent nearly three years as an IT Analyst at BTG Pactual. In this role, I was responsible for the development and maintenance of a robust system aimed at managing investment portfolios through funds. I played a key role in developing reports from daily to yearly for real-time visualization within the application.

Early in my career, I worked as a React Development Intern at Vertigo Tecnologia, where I focused on developing React + Redux web applications, and as a Technical Team Member at IPNET Soluções, providing support for the G Suite and GCP platforms.

Throughout my career, I've honed a variety of skills, including C#, VueJS, JavaScript, front-end development, TypeScript, .NET Core, Nuxt, Cypress, Node.js, and React.js. My experience and skills position me as a highly qualified and experienced Full Stack software developer.
::gallery
---
images:
  - /alpine-0.webp
  - /alpine-1.webp
  - /alpine-2.webp
---
::